re_matches_logical helper ensures logical output of re_matches_logical (#2679)
r-lib/lintr: NEWS.md

* All user-facing messages are now prepared using the `{cli}` package (#2418, @IndrajeetPatil). All messages have been reviewed and updated to be more informative and consistent.
* File locations in lints and error messages contain clickable hyperlinks to improve code navigation (#2645, #2588, @olivroy).
* {lintr} now depends on R version 4.0.0. It already does so implicitly due to recursive upstream dependencies requiring this version; we've simply made that dependency explicit and up-front (#2569, @MichaelChirico).

> * `unreachable_code_linter()` is less strict about whether `allow_comment_regex=` contains capture groups (#2678, @MichaelChirico).

Author: ```suggestion
* Some code with parameters accepting regular expressions is less strict about whether there are capture groups  (#2678, @MichaelChirico). In particular, this affects `unreachable_code_linter(allow_comment_regex=)` and `expect_lint(checks=)`.
```
